in: [[Category:Characters]], [[Category:Original characters]], [[Category:Self-inserts]], [[Category:Ace Attorney]], [[Category:Ace Attorney - Radio Waves]], [[Category:1980s births]], [[Category:Detectives]]

'''Mickey "Guāng-xī" Chún''' is a mixed Zhengfanese/Borginian rogue detective. Hir goal is to help end discrimination in the legal system and bring justice to those who deserve it.

= Biography =

== "Bully Patrol Mickey Chún" ==
As a child, Guāng-xī always wanted to bring justice to others. Hir mother would always tell hir about how badly the cops treated her when she was growing up, and ze wanted to change that.

From kindergarten to third grade, ze pretended to be an officer and patrolled the classroom searching for bullies. When someone was being bullied, ze would step in and stand up for the victim. Eventually, it got to a point where ze had to resort to personal attacks (that don't cross the line) to get the bullies to back off. As one would expect, this is where hir habit of "criticizing [sic] others for dicking around" came from.

== Ada ==
In second grade, Mickey shared a homeroom class with a young girl by the name of Ada Fender. The two became close very quickly because of their shared interests and similar levels of competence.

=== Guāng-xī's first exposure to reality ===
On the last day of school before spring date, a blonde fourth grade boy with a buzzcut twice the size of Ada was driving her into a corner, insulting her repeatedly while threatening to beat her up. Guāng-xī, while looking for Ada so they can have lunch, saw this happening and immediately ran after him. 

Ze threw hir usual insults at the bully, calling out his lack of hair and pink skin. Guāng-xī was met with silence, and the bully then retorted by calling Guāng-xī a "laowai", insulting Guāng-xī's insecure racial identity. Without thinking, Guāng-xī proceeded to tackle the bully and beat him until he cried while screaming 

== Joining the force ==
At 16, ze graduated early in high school and earned a Bachelor's in (think of this later) at 18, pursuing a job as a police officer in hopes to be promoted to detective.

This decision, as expected, was not completely met with excitement. Although she was excited for potential changes being made, Guāng-xī's mother forced hir to repeatedly promise her to not become corrupt and stick with hir promise to bring justice to those with bigger advantages.


= Name =
* '''Japanese'''
** '''Jun Kōki (純光希)'''
*** '''"Jun"''' (純) is Japanese for "Naïve".
*** '''"Kōki"''' is composed of the characters kō (光) meaning "light" and ki (希) meaning "hope".
**** This is derived from the nickname "Kouki-chan" which the creator's mother gave to xem.
**'''Mikkī (ミッキー)'''
*** Derived from the name of the creator.
**** There was no intended connection between this name and an alternate reading of 光希 ("Mitsuki").
* '''English'''
** '''Chún Guāng-xī'''
*** Mandarin Chinese reading of Jun Kōki.
** '''Mickey'''
*** English reading of Mikkī.
* '''Chinese'''
** '''Chún Guāng-xī (純光希)'''
*** Mandarin Chinese reading of Jun Kōki.
** '''Miqi (米奇)'''
*** Mandarin Chinese reading of Mikkī.
**** The lack of meaning to this name symbolizes hir mixed identity and the gentrification hir mother faced.

= Trivia =
* This character is symbolic of several things:
** The creator's mixed racial identity
** The creator's general disconnect from identity as a whole
** The type of person the creator wanted to be as a teenager
** The creator's wishes to use xyr birth-given privileges to do good
* Ze has bipolar-type schizoaffective disorder, but chooses to remain undiagnosed to maintain hir job and not be a target of scrutiny.
** Instead of prescriptions, ze uses a combination of talk therapies, art therapies, and recreational drugs to treat hirself.
